Hi, I'm here in the middle of London's Borough
Market on Super Saturday of the Olympics with
YouTube's famous Katie Puckrik.
Well, famous if you love perfume.
I also do a little TV hosting, I do a little
writing, and I do a lot of eating, which is
why we're here.
Why we chose this market.
Borough Market is amazing, Amanda.
It's been here in some way, shape or form
for at least 1,000 years.
Wow.
You're gonna take us on a food tour.
We're gonna go on a food tour, and the thing
that I find whenever I come to Borough Market
is, it's hard to really know how to pace yourself.
You know, you gotta stay flexible.
You can't just think: Um, okay, I'm gonna
start with an appetizer, I'm gonna have the
main course, I'm gonna have dessert.
Because you might see desert first.
It's just a tower of joy.
Talk about anything made with love is healthy,
I'm sure fudge is the healthiest, because
it's made with so much love.
Made with love.
Where are we?
This is one of my favorite coffee places in
London, Amanda.
It's called Monmouth Coffee, and it is classic
British coffee.
Outstanding caffienation situation.
It really is.
Cheers.
Do they have flat whites in American?
Because thats…
When you said flat whites here, I did not
know what that meant.
What is a flat white?
It's kind of a cross between a macchiato and
a cappuccino, but it's just a slightly creamery
foam -- the foam is more dense.
Dense foam.
Yeah.
So it's a cross between a latte and a cappuccino?
Well, but it's not as milky as a latte.
So that's why I say it's more like a macchiato.
You know, it's like coffee math.
When you come to London, you mostly always
here about Portobello Market.
Yeah.
Well, Portobello Market is more like antiques,
vintage clothes and record shops -- that kind
of thing.
Yes.
So Borough Market is all about the food.
You can have your Pimm's, you can have your
alcohol, you can have your locally sourced
food, various meets and various vegetables.
And then there's olden days London Suffolk
Cathedral.
And there's always this kind of electricity
in Borough Market -- because, you know, it's
food.
And people just get passionate, excited and
overheated.
When you walk into the the cheese market there's
like hundreds of cheeses everywhere.
How do you go about picking -- what did we
end up with?
Well, we ended up with something called Ragstone
goat's cheese.
This is like desert and dinner mixed together,
because it's savory, and it's also so creamy.
Maybe a hit of wine and cheese.
Yeah, do you have some wine?
Do we have some wine?
We are here at the final stop of the day:
The pub.
Actually, for many British people, it's the
first stop of the day.
Well…
So we don't really need to stand on ceremony
and pretend like it's the last thing we're
gonna be doing.
Katie, thank you so much.
You can find more of Katie at: katiepuckricksmells.com
or fumehead.com.
Alright, let's go play time.
Cheers.